hello everybody and welcome to fox
busters I'm Tim trout and today we have
lots of press pass five star which is
the equivalent of exquisite or the cup
that this is a racing product inside
this box you'll see this is how they
pack together there are five cards
inside this there's one more box
shrink-wrapped seal SRV there actually
isn't one yet they they're going to go
ahead and just let people let the hobby
shops and let the collector selling or
whatever they feel the market trending
right now i think is going to be
probably between five six hundred
dollars per box for five cards inside
these boxes the five cards get one base
card number 235 or lust a dual triple or
quad marinated card number 225 or less i
believe certified auto number 2 3500 was
a auto mem card number 250 or less and a
book hard and those book cards can have
auto man patches those chunky cards
pretty sweet multiple men autos so once
you we get here so please pretty cat
doubts a lot of a long packaging here on
this say it's figure out pretty pretty
fancy yeah and i understand it we're
happy gene was quite expensive i talked
to press pass some nick might image of
prescott stopped by yesterday and drop
this off and these will go live on
december first and you'll see there's
some shrink wrap there's an outer sleeve
on this i believe you know and then
here's the nice here's the bonds pretty
shiny it is very shiny
is it hard it is nice yeah it's a nice
wood box I don't know if you can see the
wood grain on here but this box is
expensive what I understand oh yeah you
can definitely see the wood grain going
on there all right it's hinged okay
let's see we get here's we get inside we
have two boxes or two packages in here
one of them is the book card and the
other one has the four cards yeah
alright and let's take a look get them
out of here guess on this is going to be
the first pack of cards yes this is our
four pack and looks like each of these
cards is penny sleeved and the first
card is a base card of Ryan Newman
number 235 and by the base cards you'll
get one either a base card number 235
one of the parallels of 25 15 10 5 1
something like that I don't remember the
numbers our next is a paramount pieces
quad oh my goodness this is pretty sweet
quad mem card and features let's see if
I can read this a shirt parachute a
parachute bag and a shoe is numbered 1
of 10 serial number one and it's pretty
cool alright as one of the plan is the
serial number oh yeah John Force just
won his 15th championship is best es was
last weekend
oh my goodness I've got a good one we
got a good one here is let's see and
these autographs are they look to be on
card i don't think the cut is numbered
13 of 20 and i've been here opening
racing packs for probably about 10 plus
years and this is the first one of these
we find never pulled the Dale jr.
autograph before here it is that is
pretty sweet 13 of 29 13 of 20 did I say
13 of 10 I'd okay um I didn't we can
rewind the tapes anyways one thing
you'll notice on the Dale jr. autographs
they put a hologram on them and that's
something that started with Jeff Gordon
and kind of the Hendrick guys I think
took this on themselves and they put
this little hologram to authenticate so
not only do you get the authenticity on
the back of the card for press pass but
the drivers the hendrick dry Hendrick
drivers are putting this hologram on to
give you a double authentication so much
with a double rainbow that's different
and then this is pretty cool too we have
an autographed sheet metal card of one
of my favorites kevin harvick number
three at 50
and again these are on card autographs
sheet metal actually yeah that's pretty
cool actually like three color sheet
metal alright and that's what we get in
our first little package here and it's
the other 10 should fried and notice
this earlier they have a little pull tab
pull tab to get them out of there pretty
cute I don't know skew settings go
setting that I use the word cute but
sorry I think advising up in here packet
we get a book card oh this is pretty
sweet this is really sweet I'm ready for
it whenever you are another two of my
favorites make sure you get hard time
for one of them Jeff Gordon Kasey Kahne
oh my goodness dual autographed dual
patch I didn't notice as I say living
here in my teen there's three of 15
valerio of 15 yeah 3 of 15 there that is
pretty cool fire suit you can use a
little bit of Frey going on there that
is really cool Kasey Kahne yeah be
confused with Casey Casey oh yes so
again these are not stickers I know that
kind of looked like a sticker but this
is part of the card design and they were
signed on the card so these are still
not sticker autographs and you'll notice
on the jet board autograph there was
that hologram sticker covering up part
of his signature you can see you
so inside this box we pulled for
autographs on three cards four pieces of
actually about seven piece of
memorabilia along with a base card here
that's pretty cool it's a lot of cool
stuff in this product throughout the
weekend I think we have been we've been
provided with some images from Press
Pass and we're going to go ahead and put
those up on our blog so you can check
out some of the cool patches and cool
cards that have come out maybe post five
to ten a day throughout the weekend and
while you're out shopping this weekend
you can pop by and take a look at some
of the cool cards that you'll be able to
get in this product which goes live like
you said next wednesday december first
so thanks for watching and have
Thanksgiving